Event Publishing: Jobs events (#6367)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/events.md

* `prechange` - a dictionary of record attributes and their values *before* the event occurred (or null, in the case of a `nautobot.create` event)
* `postchange` - a dictionary of record attributes and their values *after* the event occurred (or null, in the case of a `nautobot.delete` event)
* `differences` - a dictionary with keys `added` and `removed`, each of which is a dictionary of record attributes that changed in the event, providing a convenient alternative to manually comparing the prechange and postchange data.

### Job Events

> * `nautobot.jobs.job.completed` A job gets completed.
> * `nautobot.jobs.job.started` A job started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `nautobot.jobs.job.started` - A job has started.
* `nautobot.jobs.job.completed` - A job has completed (successfully or not).
```

The data payload associated with events of any of the above topics has the following keys:

* `job_result_id` - The id of the Job Result.
* `job_name` - The name of the job.
* `user_name` - The name of the user account associated with the job.
* `job_kwargs` - The job data.
* `job_output` - The output of the completed job (or null, in the case of `nautobot.jobs.job.started`).

> * `einfo` - The stacktrace of job failure (or null, in the case of `nautobot.jobs.job.started` and job competed without a failure).

Reviewer: Would be preferable IMHO to omit these two keys from the `.started` payload rather than having them present but always null.

> ### Scheduled Job Approval Events
> * `nautobot.jobs.approval.approved` A scheduled job that requires approval gets approved.
> * `nautobot.jobs.approval.denied` A scheduled job that requires approval gets denied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scheduled Job Approval Events

* `nautobot.jobs.approval.approved` - A scheduled job that requires approval has been approved.
* `nautobot.jobs.approval.denied` - A scheduled job that requires approval has been denied.
```

* `prechange` - a dictionary of record attributes and their values *before* the event occurred (or null, in the case of a `nautobot.create` event)
* `postchange` - a dictionary of record attributes and their values *after* the event occurred (or null, in the case of a `nautobot.delete` event)
* `differences` - a dictionary with keys `added` and `removed`, each of which is a dictionary of record attributes that changed in the event, providing a convenient alternative to manually comparing the prechange and postchange data.

### Job Events

* `nautobot.jobs.job.started` - A job has started.
* `nautobot.jobs.job.completed` - A job has completed (successfully or not).

The data payload associated with events of any of the above topics has the following keys:

* `job_result_id` - The id of the Job Result.
* `job_name` - The name of the job.
* `user_name` - The name of the user account associated with the job.

> * `job_kwargs` - The job data (only if job has_sensitive_variables attribute is `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `job_kwargs` - The job data (only if job `has_sensitive_variables` attribute is `False`).
```

* `job_output` - The output of the completed job (only in case of `nautobot.jobs.job.completed`).
* `einfo` - The stacktrace of job failure (only in the case of `nautobot.jobs.job.completed` and null if job competed without a failure).

### Scheduled Job Approval Events

* `nautobot.jobs.approval.approved` - A scheduled job that requires approval has been approved.
* `nautobot.jobs.approval.denied` - A scheduled job that requires approval has been denied.

The data payload associated with events of any of the above topics has the following keys:

> * `data` - A dictionary of the scheduled job record attributes and their values.

Reviewer: Can we flesh this out in the docs with the full details?
